you play video games with me.
you help me be a better person.
you make me laugh.
you enjoy getting out and experiencing new things.
you're beautiful.
you encourage me to accomplish my goals.
you're there when I need you most.
you let me act all cuddley and lovey dovey.
you're respectful and kind.
you care about others.
you like good music and have introduced me to it.
you're fair.
you don't have an inflated ego.
you're supportive.
you're not bothered when I call you just to hear your voice.
you don't take life too seriously.
you're not afraid to have fun.
you build awesome houses in Minecraft.
you're a terrific artist.
you love to play board games.
you hate sports.
you understand the importance of down time.
you like some of the books I like and have introduced me to new ones.
you appreciate nerdy things.
you help me clean up when company is coming over.
you enjoy being around the same type of people.
you like to get dressed up every now and then.
you bake delicious cupcakes and brownies.
you enjoy nostalgia gaming.
you tickle me.
you initiate fake punch war.
you laugh at my jokes.
you randomly hug me.
you rub my back if I'm feeling down.
you smile after we kiss.
you like to read.
you don't drink or do drugs.
you helped me pick out furniture.
you're not too sensitive.
you introduce me to new movies.
you like going to art shows.
you're honest.
you enjoy events that involve science and learning.
you derive morality from values rather than religion.
you care about the people you love.
you call me to tell me it's snowing.
you think Bailey is the cutest cat. (because he damn well is)
you're intelligent.
you like dinosaurs (because who doesn't amirite!?)
you're not easily offended.
you like David Bowie's epic crotch.
you're not too girly.
you don't care if I act like a dork.
you like Lovecraftian style horror.
you love Lord of the Fucking Rings.
you listen to me.
you like good food.
you hold my hand during car rides and while we walk around.
you are always trying to be a better person.
you give me a hard time. (I actually enjoy it)
you appreciate me.
you smell nice.
you like my belly.
you like Bailey's belly.
you and I had a fantastic time in California.
you offer to help me when I need it.
you spend a lot of time with me.
you're the best girlfriend I've ever had.
you like good movies.
you're easy to get along with.
you like plaid and you look sexy in it.
you're not afraid to show public affection.
just because dammit.
you care about my personality more than my looks.
you grab my arm when we're chilling.
you're interesting.
you eat more mac and cheese than I ever thought a person could eat.
you know that robots will soon take over the world.
you listen to me when I talk about things that interest me.
you helped introduce me to lotion and some girly products.
you care about this relationship.
you're open to new ideas.
booty
you're sweet.
you like to be the big spoon sometimes.
you're understanding about me having to go on call.
you took me to my first mc battle ever.
you appreciate graffiti.
you make cute moaning noises when you're cold or uncomfortable.
you're adorable.
computers make you randy.
you love jellyfish and little undersea critters.
you look good in a mustache.
you get along with my friends.
